Where's your off button?
You're so real. A real ass.
I'm not shy. I just don’t like you.
My hair straightener is hotter than you.
I have heels higher than your standards.
You have more faces than Mount Rushmore.
I’m jealous of people who don’t know you.
You’re entitled to your incorrect opinion.
I’m visualizing duck tape over your mouth.
You’re the reason I prefer animals to people.
If I had a face like yours, I’d sue my parents.
I’d smack you, but that would be animal abuse.
You sound reasonable… Time to up my medication.
Hey, I found your nose, it’s in my business again!
I might be crazy, but crazy is better than stupid.
My middle finger gets a boner every time I see you.
Is there an app I can download to make you disappear?
90% of your ‘beauty’ could be removed with a Kleenex.
The people who know me the least have the most to say.
I am allergic to stupidity, so I break out in sarcasm.
I didn’t change. I grew up. You should try it sometime.
My phone battery lasts longer than your relationships.
I’m sorry that my brutal honesty inconvenienced your ego.
Some people should use a glue stick instead of chapstick.
It’s scary to think people like you are allowed to vote.
Keep rolling your eyes. Maybe you’ll find your brain back there.
I suggest you do a little soul searching. You might just find one.
Oh you’re talking to me, I thought you only talked behind my back.
Maybe you should eat make-up so you’ll be pretty on the inside too.
Your face is fine but you have to put a bag over that personality.
I keep thinking you can’t get any dumber and you keep proving me wrong.
It’s so cute when you try to talk about things you don’t understand.
I’d explain it to you but I left my English-to-Dumbass Dictionary at home.
Why is it acceptable for you to be an idiot but not for me to point it out?
If you’re offended by my opinion, you should hear the ones I keep to myself.
Everyone brings happiness to a room. I do when I enter, you do when you leave.
I thought I had the flu, but then I realized your face makes me sick to my stomach.
When karma comes back to punch you in the face, I want to be there in case it needs help.
I’m not an astronomer but I am pretty sure the earth revolves around the sun and not you.
If you’re going to be a smart ass, first you have to be smart, otherwise you’re just an ass.
I am not ignoring you. I am simply giving you time to reflect on what an idiot you are being.
No, no. I am listening. It just takes me a moment to process so much stupid information all at once.